hello today we will tell you about
new generation telemonitor both hands
u model e mail 22 41 have passed your analyzes with
half inch and model e mail 24 41
played 23 61
these new devices expands the line
TV monitors byankin combining
fouls wait for tv
computer monitor and demonstrate
just revolutionary development see
yourself
led de Medici backlight you have support 5 4 a
wait 6 4 built-in media player with
file system interface support
my porn parts are all perfect
immaculately analog port
Odessa will help with his son computer
past generations with the help of colleagues
come kodi Osh may you
connect modern pc
enjoying the maximum
resolution of 1920 by 1080 pixels
these years tele monitors are equipped with panels
letting you reach kuro
dynamic assignments
5 million contrast to us
thanks to the use of the backlight as seated
monitors eglit
thin graceful glossy frame
The screen is elegantly combined with
located in the bottom of the case
Speaker grille solid bullet
tv monitor decorated bet
imitating metal texture is turned on
control keys as a TV monitor attacks
slender media player
the destruction of both tele monitors train 1920
at 1080 points ten ronaldo television
fell sikan supplemented in these models
cutting-edge digital idea to beat and
tuner with inteco 4 support and what to do 6 4
This ensures that the new years TV monitor
Byankina will not become obsolete in the future
provides reception of programs of the future
digital tv
full set of various moves
including component 10 8 drink 3par tash di
mare provides absolute without
problems we connect with any devices
post dividing video content clean
navy can being 9 and players
chase wait for may modern cow
console and player lyric
video camera
the chip of new tele monitors has become
slender visby media player
which will provide playback
music photos and video files
various formats such as java
young m petri and even popular
mkv matryoshka container
including 9 th
our new years tv monitor as well
will support wore formatted in
interface
bentley finale 22 41 yamal 24 41 track backlit and
advanced media player
uncompromising media company